you know what is up everybody this is an
email here and today i'm bringing you
guys a call of duty black ops zombies
farm solo gameplay but that is not the
sole purpose of why i made this video
the reason i made this video was to tell
you guys that i am giving away a
nuketown 2025 game code to a lucky
subscriber and also another subscriber
will receive the two day xbox live gold
trial I know it's not that much but I
don't have that many subscribers to
begin with I'm just hoping this will be
a way to get my name out there get
people to subscribe to me watch my
videos I mean a free weekend of xbox
that's a pretty good deal if you ask me
but all you have to do is just be a
subscriber I'm doing this as like a
appreciation video you know just a quick
giveaway um it's not a scam or fake or
anything what happened was i downloaded
i mean i pre-ordered the game it came
with the nuke town maps and the two-day
trial i went home downloaded both of
those and then when i put in the disc it
didn't work so i had to take it back to
gamestop and they gave me a completely
new black ops disc and inside were two
more codes so i was very surprised to
find this happy that it was in there too
so instead of downloading it for myself
since i already had them nuketown map i
thought maybe this would be a good way
to get more subscribers um so yeah I'm
hoping that if you're watching this you
will hit that subscribe button and you
will have a chance to win the nuketown
2025 mat so basically yeah I'm playing
some zombies right now I'm going to
start at a random place I actually have
no idea where it started or what's going
on because this was a game that happened
earlier today I started the video at
round till 5i make it to round 10 I
really enjoy playing zombies on this
game
I think it's a lot more fun than the
first black ops the maps are better it's
a lot faster the graphics are so much
better and like that's what you would
expect from the second game so I mean
the more recent game but if you want to
play black ops 2 zombies with me I'll
put my gamertag in the description it's
under mail send me a message or tweet me
that you want to play zombies with me
and i'll add you and we can play zombies
i really like playing zombies um I don't
know all the Easter eggs and hints yet I
hadn't looked them up or anything a
couple of my friends do so if you want
to play with me and my friends we're
going to be doing that all this week you
know no school this week got break off
um so yeah just thanks for being
subscribed thank you for getting my
youtube channel topic such a great start
um I've been actually surprised at how
fast it's taken off and how fast I've
been able to get to this point you know
four days and I've got 20 subscribers
and 600 video views that is awesome um
you can download my nuketown minecraft
zombies map that one's pretty fun I've
played that a bunch since I've made it
you know just I keep adding little
things so i think i'm going to come out
with a version 2 to that map later you
can keep your eye out for that but thank
you guys so much for staying subscribe I
am ender mail and I am out